In the Western , fruit has never been just food
it has also been a symbol of desire
The apple represents original sin
in the legend of Adam and Eve.
Grapes symbolize prosperity and celebration.
And the peach became a symbol of the body.
Seduction
Linguistic studies suggest that
“peach” has long been used as a term for a beautiful lover.
Desire
In today’s digital world
the peach emoji
has evolved into a coded symbol of lust
and the buttocks, as everyone understands
The question is
When someone sends you a peach emoji
Does he simply mean fruit
or is he making an offer that could change your life forever?
I look at the growing balance in my account with satisfaction
My bold decision to raise the commission rate for this job
It received a very positive response from clients.
As the work quality increased
higher returns were only to be expected
I’ll be moving out of here soon
and leave this country
a country I no longer know who I’m staying here for
Tonight’s dinner is convenience store microwave food again
I’m not trying to save
I’m just too tired to go far
I worked all night
And then there was the wait for the writer to make revisions
Before I knew it, it was afternoon
If I drove into the city to eat right now, I’d probably fall asleep at the wheel
After dealing with the tasteless microwave food
Then I spent some time letting it settle before taking a shower
while accepting a new job from a regular client
Most are from publishers I’ve done cover work for
They’re getting books ready for the book fair season
Just watch
there’ll be tons of covers by me this time
Now that I think about it, there’s been a surge in BL novel cover jobs
I understand it’s a genre that’s gaining popularity
And just look at the briefs I’ve been getting
the bodies
Muscles everywhere
Every image the writer attached
They left my mouth dry, my throat suddenly tight
They really knew how to pick them
You’re really cute, Peach
He always starts his videos like this
Peach Lover
A popular account on a gay adult website
Followed by hundreds of thousands
He calls his partner
Peach
Even though it’s only a nickname
Do you like it, Peach?
I like it
Want me harder?
Harder, please
Damn!
Who the hell?
This is such a mood killer
Hello , everyone
It’s been a long time, hasn’t it?
Have you guys forgotten me?
The reason I disappeared
because I broke up with Peach
Broke up
How did they break up?
But I’m coming back
the reason I’m back today
because I’m now accepting applications for new Peach
If you’re interested, all the details are in the description under the video
Opening up for new Peaches?
So
the chosen one
actually get to meet him… for real
skipping the shower!
My name’s… Po
I’m a novel cover artist
let them choose me
Please
Forget the work!
Meeting him tomorrow… really?!
Hello
I need to go up to room… 1403
Alright, sir. Just a moment, please
Yes
You’re Po, right?
Yes , I'm Po
Please, take a seat in this room for a moment
Yes
Wait…
May I ask you something?
Sure...
but I can’t promise I’ll have an answer
Your boss
is he a nice person?
It’s better if you, decide for yourself.
Fianlly
I'm going to meet the real Peach Lover
So
Am I excited… or scared?
He’s here…
I’m finally seeing his face
I didn’t expect
Peach Lover would do it like this
Hello
H..Hello
What are you thinking?
I’m thinking…
You…
have got an amazing body
Love it
Your name’s Po, right?
Yes
I'm Po
Are you sure
to be my new Peach?
Yes, I’m sure
Why not try another path?
You’re good-looking
Me? Good-looking?
In my whole life
no one’s ever told me I’m good-looking
How could anyone call me handsome
you’re the one with the sweet face
But you have to be on camera
Are you okay with that?
I'm okay
Are you sure?
I'm sure
You’re really a strange one
Then...
I think I’ll have to taste you
To help me decide
Take your shirt off for me
You…
Truth is…
I’ve never been with anyone
Sasom!
a person I’ve seen on billboards
TV
Every time I see him
I feel like he’s someone out of my reach
I used to think… what if Peach Lover showed his face?
It would probably be someone...handsome
But it’s not the person in front of me… it’s not him
Why...?
Why do I always stop… and stare whenever I see him?
The moment I knew it was him… my heart nearly stopped
In
takes Po back
Yes
Where should I call the car to, Po?
Po
Here, please
Thank you
Wait..Po
What?
My boss… he’s kind of pitiful
What do you mean?
When you asked me
If my boss is a nice person
Actually… he’s really a pitiful person
So...
Please keep his story a secret
I’m not going to reveal Peach Lover’s secret, anyway
okay
Even if anyone’s watching, there’s nothing to worry about
handsome
so damn handsome
So clean… must shower ten times a day
Just by smiling… or not smiling
He’s like a whole different person
But his eyes…
fierce
It’s frightening
:01
draws you in
Yes
This is the one who kissed me with a burning tongue
He’s been well-known since he was a teen… and now he’s at the top
Damn… I shouldn’t have
I shouldn’t have ripped off his mask
A body like that
My Peach Lover
The one I’ve always dreamed about
It's crezy
I’m going crazy because of that man
I’m crazy about you
I’m so in love it’s driving me crazy, and I don’t know what to do with my heart anymore
Sasom...
You make me feel lost
But I don’t even want to find my way out
Damn it
I never thought I’d be this unable to stop watching
Sasom is such a great actor
His acting feels so natural
Everything looks perfect
It’s no surprise he’s earned so many awards
Stay here, In
Yes
Sasom
Who?
May I come in
Sure
Did I act well? it was really fun filming it
Alright
But I like your series on iQIYI more
you’ve already finished that series?
I’ve only seen half of it
Yes
It’s finished
So
Am I bothering you
No
I was just about to take a break
Sorry
What are you apologizing for?
About that day I sent you back
No problem
It was my fault
I shouldn’t have taken your mask off
This isn’t a competition to find a winner
Yes
Would you like to sit down first?
Good
Honestly
I was really shocked that day
The moment I realized you were still a virgin
It's...
really that bad?
It’s not like that
I just didn’t think you were still a virgin
That’s why I was shocked
Think about it
you actually filmed with me
and even dared to show your face on camera
Who would’ve thought you’d have no experience yet?
but...
I’m curious
You
Why did you come here
First
I'm here to say sorry
and...
the second?
second
I just want to ask you
Do you still want to be my Peach?
Yes, I do
but
Can I ask you something?
How did you become Peach Lover…?
I mean
I’m not saying it’s a bad thing
but
you’re a well-known star too
So many people love you
That doesn’t seem like you
Not like me?
Or not like the image people expect me to have?
Peach Lover not by chance
It’s a place I chose myself
Could have been anyone
Could have been to love anyone
the way I wanted
I’m just…
a person born into a family where my parents never loved me
Everything was just about money
Even my name…
was an investment
A life forced
pushing me to find an escape
But in the end there was no escaping
That’s why
I need a place where I feel safe
and Peach Lover
that my safe space
The only place that makes me happy
I...
feel the same
I’ve never told anyone I like guys
Every time I think about it
I feel guilty
I feel like there’s something wrong with me
But when I saw Peach Lover through the camera
It was like someone was telling me
What I am
It’s not wrong
That’s why
I’m here
It’s not because of the money
Or… it’s not because I like trying strange things, either
I just...
want to understand my own feelings
more
Sasom
if you’re free
could you teach me?
Sure
I’ll teach you myself
All this time
I’ve been able to guess what you want almost every time
But today… it’s different
Staying the night here
with someone I just met?
Po
don’t seem ordinary
Take it off
Anything I’ve decided to do
I’ll never change my mind.
I’ll make you feel better
You’re my new Peach… from now on
I never imagined
a Peach Lover would take care of me like this
Because you’re my Peach
Who the hell did you sleep with?
Can I ask you something?
Do whatever you want
but don’t mess with your dad, okay?
When I was a kid
I used to think my feelings were wrong
ผมโตมาในบ้านที่พ่อไม่เคยมองหน้า
A home where shouting happened every day
A house where I couldn’t tell anyone
that I liked men
So I grew up with silence
in dark rooms
the only place
where I could hide what my heart truly felt
I never felt like I had any worth
Until someone
ooked at me like no one had looked at me before
My taste isn't sex
But it's my wish
That there will be people seeing me in the dark side
On the day I was the most empty-hearted
Today
I don't have to hide anymore
everyone think I'm perfect
But no one
saw that the child
I've been caught standing in front of the camera since I can remember
No one asked what I wanted to be
What do you want to like
What do I want to be ?
My name
is still the name my father gave me
to be able to sell
I never choose anything on my own
So I had to create my own safe space
Where I don't have to be a product
don't have to smile on command
Where I can be a normal person
A place that has the same needs as everyone else
My taste is not in control
But it was freedom for the first time in my life
The first time I got to choose for myself
Who do I want to see?
I wanted to love someone
and I chose him
You are listening to the program
"Our Hearts"
Weekly advice session from a psychiatrist
Today the doctor will talk about
The impact of the love we never received since childhood
in psychology
Children growing up in an unstable environment
They often create their own safe space
Whether it's a work of art
games
online society
or some secret channel
It's not wrong
But it is a survival mechanism of the mind
Some people may have different love styles
like confidence
I like being seen
or feel safe
When you have control over your own situation
This kind of taste
is not perversion
It's not a dark secret
But it's an echo
of emotional wounds
that needs acceptance
As long as the relationship is based on consent
Respect and Integrity
It's a form of love
That has a meaning that is no different from anyone else's
And sometimes meeting someone
who understands our wounds
It helps heal the whole heart
and help us dare to be ourselves more
Because in the end, love is safe
It's not perfect love
But it is love that makes us...
No need to hide who we are anymore
I saw it in your application
Do you draw pictures too?
Yes
I really want to have friends as a artist
So...can you be a model for me?
In case you have an artist as a friend
Can I ask you somthing?
You can do anything
But don't you dare disrespect your father